Add Swift Package Manager docs (#10827)
flutter/website: src/_includes/docs/swift-package-manager/migrate-objective-c-plugin.md

Replace `plugin_name` throughout this guide with the name of your plugin.
The below example uses `ios`, replace `ios` with `macos`/`darwin` as applicable.

1. [Enable the Swift Package Manager feature][enableSPM].

2. Start by creating a directory under the `ios`, `macos`, and/or `darwin`
   directories.
   Name this new directory the name of the platform package.

   <pre>

>    /plugin_name/plugin_name_ios/ios/<b>plugin_name_ios</b>

Author: Note: a customer might not have the `plugin_name/plugin_name_ios/` directory structure. This is a commonly used pattern for federated plugins, but a user could also have a directory structure like `/plugin_name/ios/...`. Please let me know if you have suggestions to improve clarity.

   </pre>

3. Within this new directory, create the following files/directories:

    - Package.swift (file)
    - Sources (directory)
    - Sources/plugin_name_ios (directory)
    - Sources/plugin_name_ios/include (directory)
    - Sources/plugin_name_ios/include/plugin_name_ios (directory)
    - Sources/plugin_name_ios/include/plugin_name_ios/.gitkeep (file)
      - This is needed to ensure the directory is committed, even if empty.
        Can be removed if files are added to the directory.

>    <pre>
>    /plugin_name/plugin_name_ios/ios/plugin_name_ios/<b>Package.swift</b>
>    /plugin_name/plugin_name_ios/ios/plugin_name_ios/<b>Sources</b>
>    /plugin_name/plugin_name_ios/ios/plugin_name_ios/<b>Sources/plugin_name_ios</b>
>    /plugin_name/plugin_name_ios/ios/plugin_name_ios/<b>Sources/plugin_name_ios/include</b>
>    /plugin_name/plugin_name_ios/ios/plugin_name_ios/<b>Sources/plugin_name_ios/include/plugin_name_ios</b>
>    /plugin_name/plugin_name_ios/ios/plugin_name_ios/<b>Sources/plugin_name_ios/include/plugin_name_ios/.gitkeep</b>
>    </pre>

Author: Maybe directory ASCII art would be better here? Something like:

```suggestion
   <pre>
   /plugin_name/plugin_name_ios/ios/
   \- plugin_name_ios/
      \- <b>Package.swift</b>
      \- <b>Sources/plugin_name_ios/include/plugin_name_ios</b>
         \- <b>.gitkeep</b>
   </pre>
```

Author: I switched to this!

          **File > Packages > Reset Package Caches**.

    1. [Add dependencies][].

    2. If your package must be linked explicitly `static` or `dynamic`
       ([not recommended by Apple][]), update the [Product][] to define the
       type:

       ```swift title="Package.swift"
       products: [
           .library(name: "plugin-name-ios", type: .static, targets: ["plugin_name_ios"])
       ],
       ```

    3. Make any other customizations. For more information on how to write a
       `Package.swift` file, see
       [https://developer.apple.com/documentation/packagedescription](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/packagedescription).

       :::tip
       If you add additional targets to your `Package.swift` file,
       try to name them uniquely.
       If your target name conflicts with another target from another package,
       this can cause issues for developers that use your plugin.
       :::

1.  Update your `plugin_name_ios.podspec` to point to new paths.

    ```diff2html
    --- a/plugin_name_ios.podspec
    +++ b/plugin_name_ios.podspec
    @@ -21,4 +21,4 @@ 
    - s.source_files = 'Classes/**/*.{h,m}'
    - s.public_header_files = 'Classes/**/*.h'

>     - s.module_map = 'Classes/cocoapods_plugin_name_ios.modulemap'

Author: This `podspec` contains attributes that customers might not have.

For example, [only ~70 out of ~10K plugins have a `modulemap`](https://gist.github.com/loic-sharma/891a358f8abab36133e8a9395f719296). Folks that don't have a `modulemap` don't need to add/change a `module_map` attribute.

Hopefully that's clear, but let me know if you have recommendations to improve clarity here.

       ],
       dependencies: [],
       targets: [
           .target(
               name: "plugin_name_ios",
               dependencies: [],
               resources: [
                   // If your plugin requires a privacy manifest, for example if it uses any required
                   // reason APIs, update the PrivacyInfo.xcprivacy file to describe your plugin's
                   // privacy impact, and then uncomment these lines. For more information, see
                   // https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/privacy_manifest_files
                   // .process("PrivacyInfo.xcprivacy"),
   
                   // If you have other resources that need to be bundled with your plugin, refer to
                   // the following instructions to add them:
                   // https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/bundling-resources-with-a-swift-package
               ],
               cSettings: [
                   .headerSearchPath("include/plugin_name_ios")
               ]
           )
       ]
   )
   ```

   :::note
   If the plugin name contains `_`, the library name must be a `-` separated
   version of the plugin name.
   :::

> 5. If your plugin has a `PrivacyInfo.xcprivacy` file, move it to

Reviewer: Link to Apple docs https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/privacy_manifest_files ?

Author: Good idea, added!

        directory.

   Your plugin should look like:

   <pre>
   plugin_name/ios/
   ├── ...
   └── plugin_name/
      ├── <b>Package.swift</b>
      └── <b>Sources/plugin_name/include/plugin_name/</b>
         └── <b>.gitkeep</b>
   </pre>

4. Use the following template in the `Package.swift` file:

   ```swift title="Package.swift"
   // swift-tools-version: 5.9
   // The swift-tools-version declares the minimum version of Swift required to build this package.
   
   import PackageDescription
   
   let package = Package(
       name: "plugin_name",
       platforms: [
           // The platforms your plugin supports.
           // If your plugin only supports iOS, remove `.macOS(...)`.
           // If your plugin only supports macOS, remove `.iOS(...)`.
           .iOS("12.0"),
           .macOS("10.14")
       ],
       products: [
           // If the plugin name contains "_", replace with "-" for the library name
           .library(name: "plugin-name", targets: ["plugin_name"])
       ],
       dependencies: [],
       targets: [
           .target(
               name: "plugin_name",
               dependencies: [],
               resources: [

>                    // If your plugin requires a privacy manifest, for example if it uses any required

Reviewer 2: Required what? It feels like this is chopped off.

Author: `Required reason APIs` is what Apple calls these: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/privacy_manifest_files/describing_use_of_required_reason_api

I'll re-wrap these lines to make it clearer this is an intentional phrase and not a mistake :)

Author: Re-wrapped! I'll leave this open in case folks have feedback

                   // reason APIs, update the PrivacyInfo.xcprivacy file to describe your plugin's
                   // privacy impact, and then uncomment these lines. For more information, see
                   // https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/privacy_manifest_files
                   // .process("PrivacyInfo.xcprivacy"),
   
                   // If you have other resources that need to be bundled with your plugin, refer to
                   // the following instructions to add them:
                   // https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/bundling-resources-with-a-swift-package
               ],
               cSettings: [
                   .headerSearchPath("include/plugin_name")
               ]
           )
       ]
   )
   ```

   :::note
   If the plugin name contains `_`, the library name must be a `-` separated
   version of the plugin name.
   :::

5. If your plugin has a [`PrivacyInfo.xcprivacy` file][], move it to
   `ios/Sources/plugin_name/PrivacyInfo.xcprivacy` and uncomment the resource in
   the `Package.swift` file.

   ```swift title="Package.swift"
               resources: [

>                    // If your plugin requires a privacy manifest, for example if it uses any required

Reviewer 2: Ditto.

Author: See: https://github.com/flutter/website/pull/10827#discussion_r1674814361

                   // reason APIs, update the PrivacyInfo.xcprivacy file to describe your plugin's
                   // privacy impact, and then uncomment these lines. For more information, see
                   // https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/privacy_manifest_files
                   [!.process("PrivacyInfo.xcprivacy"),!]
   
                   // If you have other resources that need to be bundled with your plugin, refer to
                   // the following instructions to add them:
                   // https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/bundling-resources-with-a-swift-package
               ],
   ```

6. Move any resource files from `ios/Assets` to `ios/Sources/plugin_name`
   (or a subdirectory).

>    Add the resource files to your `Package.swift` file if applicable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Add the resource files to your `Package.swift` file, if applicable.
```

Author: Fixed!

   For more instructions, see
   [https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/bundling-resources-with-a-swift-package](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/bundling-resources-with-a-swift-package).

7. Move any public headers from `ios/Classes` to
   `ios/Sources/plugin_name/include/plugin_name`.

    * If you're unsure which headers are public, check your `podspec` file's
      [`public_header_files`][] attribute.
      If this attribute  is not specified, all of your headers were public.

>       You should consider whether or not you want all of your headers to be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      You should consider whether you want all of your headers to be
```
https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#whether

Author: Fixed!

      public.

    * The `pluginClass` defined in your `pubspec.yaml` file must be public and
      within this directory.

8. Handling `modulemap`.

   Skip this step if your plugin does not have a `modulemap`.

   If you're using a `modulemap` for CocoaPods to create a Test submodule,
   consider removing it for Swift Package Manager.

>    Note that this will make all public headers available via the module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Note that this makes all public headers available through the module.
```

https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#via

Author: Fixed!
